---
layout: post
title:  "Story 1"
date:   2022-07-09 15:00:00 +0200
categories: stories sci-fi
---

I looked down at my abused, bitten to the bone fingers and wondered what the hell was I doing. What the hell was I doing with them and what the hell was I doing with my life. 

The last few weeks had felt like an endless downward spiral into a bottomless pit of boredom and disappointment with pretty much everything that had to do with my existence. I hated my job, my house, my routine and why hide it, myself. Every day, I would give myself promises about how things will change and every day I would disappoint myself by not fulfilling them, increasing the hate and the self-pity, day by day. 

And like that, an unknown amount of days went by. It felt like time had been both accelerated and decelerated. While everything moved in a boring and repetitive manner, I vividly remember a moment when I had to pause and wonder what my age was, and for a few seconds, was incapable of finding the answer. I just could not place the current year. Then I remembered. Ah, already? I marvelled at the answer.

I raised my eyes away from my disgusting hands and saw a cat appear in the green space opposite to my window. It immediately triggered my attention and curiosity. I was not surprised with the presence of the cat itself, as there were many of them sorry creatures that frequented the area at the back of the building. It was their place. I knew almost all of them by now and had even given names to some of them. This one however…there was something different about it. 

Apparently, it was a newcomer, either the pet of a new neighbour moving into the building, or just another stray cat joining the gang. The beast struck me immediately with its appearance, and forced me to give it a name from the first moment: The arctic cat.

It was a beautiful thing. Its fur, apart from a few light brown notes on its tail, was totally white. The whitest white I had ever laid my eyes upon. The white of pure, fresh snowfall. It looked so soft and perfect. On its little, almost perfectly spherical head was a pair of deep blue eyes. I had never seen such colors before on a cat. The contrast between its fur and its eyes was so striking, that it could make you feel dizzy. It looked almost fake, like a little stuffed doll that children would sleep with at night. It moved cautiously, exploring its new environment and finding its territory, unaware of the fascinated human being observing it from the other side of that window.

When after a few seconds my “wow” moment subsided, I ran to the drawer stand in my bedroom and started digging my way through a pile of useless stuff that I hadn’t seen or touched for years, like my life was at stake. Little did I know at the time about how true that was. 

Then I saw the box. It was still there. I almost tore it apart and pulled the camera out of it, barely managing not to drop it on the hard floor. I ran to the window again, whispering prayers for the cat to still be there. It was. I didn’t open the window for fear of scaring it away, so I started shooting from the inside. Its fur was so white that it appeared almost luminous in my photographs. That, and the fact that I was quite rusty in photo-shooting. How many months had it been? Or more precisely, how many years? The camera felt heavier than I remembered. It felt nice. I adjusted my settings and continued shooting, improving the result little by little. After I felt confident that I had captured the moment several times, I opened the window. The cat turned its head instinctively and looked at me with its bright blue eyes. “Amazing”, I whispered and continued shooting without a dirty double glass in the middle.

About a hundred clicks later, the battery died and I then realised how lucky I was that there was any charge left in the first place. The cat did not look at all threatened or disturbed by my presence and my weird behavior and walked away indifferently soon after.

I shoved the camera’s memory card into my laptop and waited for the pictures to be transferred. I looked at my forgotten, old camera and she looked back at me.

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
